right guys this is the continuation of
my review for acoustic mixcraft virtual
instruments which this one is acoustic
brass and I wrote of this one 5 out of 5
stars for extreme high quality virtual
instrument sounds and let's continue
from fresh horns I'm going to play
French horns for you
alright as play litical French horn solo
alright so let's play a mute trumpet is
called mutes trumpet preset
I would like to use pitch Bend here
let's see how it sounds pitch bend all
right let's try pomp and circumstance
ok let's try rmb horn section yeah and
I'm I'm playing this right on my
keyboard right from my keyboard my
computer keyboard let's try small jazz
section let's try solo trombone
let's try solo trumpet
gelis right trombone to drum bun to
let's try toba tuba I don't know how
that's pronounced unfortunately but i
think i love this sound well i guess it
was a mistake to play more than one note
at a time yep so this is the end of the
presets for acoustic brass but you have
more options here you can actually
change the way you want it to play and
yeah be sure to subscribe for more
reviews of other instruments we have
acoustic guitar piano brass bell brite
pad so Bayes everything so be sure to
subscribe and I'll talk to you soon bye
thanks for watching anyways yeah